DAY TO DAY EXPERIENCE OR PERSONAL JOURNEY





Author
BELOVER



Introduction



CHAPTER 1
The Intellectual Phase
I have been already preparing from 1 May (or April) 2024 for this path, mostly 99% of it was because of Acharya Prashant, specially videos I’ve been wathing on different topics and also on spiritual texts, and it didn’t take too much time after just wathing his videos for roughly I think just 1-2 months to understand that Spirituality is something that is the only cure for every problem of the world or invidual, ultimately it was something that will change individual, not I have directly understood what but I have been a feeling from first that there is something in scriptual texts especially bhagavat gita (because it was famous and also in other things like god Ram, etc. or most importantly I was a Hindu). I felt that Acharya Prashant is giving something different or something which is challenging my thoughts ideas and something that I can’t challenge him logically like in hypocrites, his ideas or teachings like don’t believe anything or before having any opinion about anything firstly atleast know it, like he said some people says they are aastik (which means I believe) and some says they are nastik (which means I don’t believe) but none of them are trying to know what they do they believe or not. 
So these type of ideas or a scientific logical interpretations of scripture things attracted me towards him, also in first he have challenged some believe in my mind about something is wrong or right and it was like challenging my mind and I was sometimes also try to ask Philosophical questions specilly this one which is what is the basis or the border line to say anything as right or wrong because it was feeling the something right in a case or wrong in another case or it was like messy. 
I develop an idea that there is something in Spirituality in which I will go or walking and it became my centere at a level or some core philosophy and I have an idea that I will go on it deep in future actually it deeloped overtime but the feeling of its centerness was developed very early by Acharya Prashant and I was kinda holding it but it was going side by side always also in some first months I have thought may be he will be wrong so I have been thinking about one thing that I will read logic and it will be the base of mie judging something or somepoinr rigth or wrong but I never went on it hardly and kept watching his videos and it was not steady that it neccesary to watch a video each day but it was like wave sometime very much sometime not But totally it gave me a feeling of going on some different way than normal people and it made something in my mind to read books (also it was before him but it gave the figure more clear), be logical and scientific, ask question to everything, introspection, feeling of I will go on the path very strongly later or soon, and it set a base of ideas and a strong presence of Spirituality in my life and it workd like the prephase of the questioningly intellectually about liberation things. 
Indeed I will say it was the most important phase and person for me which also give me direction to how I can get to something which was I was thinking have in life um some mystical type something other than normal life, so it gave direction of exactly what that thing is in a intellectual form and it also gave methods of seeing whether I am going right way or not, and where should I go further in that way.
So up to a time it set me a clear vision that the last hope which I can have to get rid of the emptiness (which I felt and feel sometime after waking or randomly in some days), free from sorrow and have ultimately peaceful is only self-realision or simply something in Spirituality.


The Only Thing


CHAPTER 3
Methods &Techniques
(Practice or what I understand by nididhyashna)
Here I am gonna talk about some lists of practicle methods or techniques which I think I was practicing since 23 March. I think these are the practices which made me ripe for the fear of the death experience and ready for Self Grace on 2 May. I found or sum this up on 10 May and started writing 11 May by looking back what I was exactly doing that cause the Grace of the Self which cause a glimpse of silence, truth, stillness, love whatever you call in the phase during 2 May to 9 May about a week.
So first, I call or have understanding of these things like meditation or dhyana or nididhyashna etc. if they have more name, to practical practices which mean the next phase after intellectual phase in which you mostly attract, know (not fully but have a basic understanding), try to understand things intellectually only about Spirituality. So I call the after phase of this intellectual phase the practicle phase.
I think somewhere from 23 March when I decleared the Self-realisation ultimate and one thing that cause all my efforts whether direct or not direct, I was shifting to Practical phase from just intellectual. And here shifting from intellectual to practicle doesn’t mean that stopping things understanding or reading intellectully but also trying Practice and go towards practicle methods or mostly read about only those things. I think Acharya Prashant mostly done things for Intellectually for me then came Osho which helped me in shifting from or going next from intellectual phase to Practical phase.

METHODS
Now I am gonna to list some methods which If I look back I notice that I was performing and helping me.
       1. So somewhere from 24 March I started a thing that sometimes I do a thing which is I imagine my self whole a kinda different person and looking what he is doing, what is in his mind, what walking inside him, how is the body position. It is like suddenly watching yourself form third eye view or a second person view.
	It is somehting like forgetting that you are that and disconnecting yourself or your personality something like this and watching it for some seconds then again shifting but I think it was doing something. I don’t know why I started suddenly doing it but I think it comes form some logic of mine that I had read about witnessing being the witness not the doer. So I think it come from that idea which I was practicing somewhere of being witness sometimes. Like while reading or thinking something I just started seeing me whole for some seconds.
	I had no plan what is that why I am doing but I felt the logic and just doing it sometimes. I don’t think I have a serious plan about it and exactly know do it have anything to do with dhyana Until I saw a video (Audio on YouTube) of Osho that I will talk about later below. Not exactly this method but I think this a minimal form of the next one which I confirmed from Osho.
	2. Second thing I was doing is always remembering the self-realisation goal which I oftenly call mukti. In this I was doing the following things
	(i) Imagining the day when I decleared the mukti as my ultimate goal or imagining of mukti as word or the feeling of that day and Spirituality releated things like guru etc.
	(ii) When not doing that imagination or busy in something which take some more of awareness like cycling or working in fast somelike this I repeat like japa “I love you mukti…” from when I was doing it I didn’t read or at least not believe that by saying what happens I just started doing it for remembering goal which I thought If I was not doing that I am differing from goal which cause guilt but later when I read and understand what can the japa do so then I remember my experience of doing japa not knowingly exaclty that I am doing japa but later I found I was doing it. So it was a means of remembering and this always being aware of goal mukti  have some idea which was giving myself whole to the goal as read and for that I have to love and I know a thing that love have to be cultivated not automatically come. So that was the means of cultivating love the following method also I used to do cultivate love.
	(iii) Writing mukti, moksha, nirvana, braham, atma, satya and I Love You mukti on hand how like people do in romantic love.
	(iv) Repeating sometimes in a day that mukti is everything for me… not just by verbal knowing what I am telling in sense like I was declearing mukti my ultimate goal again and again for which I can trade anything. Repeating more like this after going to bed and waking in morning. For doing things I think I have a believe of things getting inside of sub-consious mind which I also had done before for more things.
	So some of these things I do in different situations and some kind of set priority to one thing against another like if I am not able to imagine Spiritual things I will repeat “I Love You mukti”.
       3. Then second thing I gradually started doing I think somewhere from 10 April and it was some next style of previous one not exactly but I think I match some somilarites in them.
	So I was doing watching my moments mostly of body sometimes as a watcher or a witness and it was sometimes feeling that the body moments were happening automatically like I was not that, I did’t decided it to go that way. It is like watching your moments or being ware of them not exactly and always seeing with eyes, but you can have the feeling of your body parts moments. So I started doing it occasionally and gradually I think I increase the frequency. 
Even now I didn’t have read specifically about this but I can infer this with some of ideas I knew/read which were: 
       We are exactly like robot we don’t do things with awareness from many places and from Osho and also I believe this because I see things somewhere of action-reaction, so then we are also play of action-reaction but also actually we are consicousness, the witness only. And listen from Acharya Prashnat and other and conluded that the whole play in the universe or in nature is going of its own and of course our we are part of it, but don’t know from some where this ego comes and take the doership in his own that I am doing this which is absurd like machine satrt saying I am making thing.
       So somewhere I had have idea behind doing those practice without exactly heard about are they really have to done. But then on 20 April I watched an video of Osho which I mentioned earlier in that I listen Osho was exactly saying this practice to be done. He said do a simple thing watch yourself what are you doing or do the things with full awareness or full focus. He said it was like if while eating see the each moments of our hands, how it is mixing food then hand coming to you mouth and you’re taking food, while bathing see yourself do with full focus or watching youself. I think I am using focus and watching for same thing in here which is simply being present in that doing and watching if full attention of your doings.
       He said may you will forget it after just time but then when remember start it it is very normal liew while watching your walking you will forget focus after one step, but not to worry mind had practice of this forgetfullnes and ignorace form many ages but continuos practice will make you more aware. 
       I do this it is easy in somethings now for me like eating bathing or walking mainly physical things and not mental activity now very much. But that seeing my self whole third eye view looks keeping things apart and just watch in that I also feel I can give thoughs in third eye view.
       When doing this you will notice some things are happening on its one your body moments are going on its own and I think in first which I felt you will notice yourself as watcher of them and they are being done on its on with a little time gap between them. Like you waklked a step then some milliseconds gap will be there for knowing you are not that. I have had some experience like this with that and I know think it is a very usefull practice which I am know feeling that it takes some of your attention to yourself and makes you more seprate body-consicousness with shifting more toward as witness. And now I feel and looking things I saw that it helps in self-enquiry by turning you attention to yourself (I think I can say ‘I’-thought).
       Things are not exactly clear what and when to exactly try those practices at what level of sadhak but it is in beginning heloing me also now I don’t exactly now what really it does but I can infer these things and look these practices very useful. I think I should write these in more below after listing more practices.
       3. Filtering toughts and seeing yourself as witness while enquiry


CHAPTER 3
Day to Day by 02/05/25
Day 1 – 02/05/25
I was frustrated all the day from previous two days and can say from a week about the journey. Because I was feeling that I am not doing right things and working things out of desires and flourishing desires.
I was deciding what can I do where the problem is which I always do on weekends and at nights but this time it was totally feeling wrong not getting what to do any decision was like not giving relief.
Then one thing that I have just decided that day that whenever feel frustrated or inferior like so go on long mouna. So suddenly first time for that long I go on mouna or self-enquiry, which I will say I have somewhere known how to hold ‘I’- thought but it was not clear that it is the method and also thought that I will nothing instead lay.
I simply layed between 4:00 to 5:00 then intentionally 6:10 because this time I had decided I will not wake up very long. So I firstly sat then I layed facing the celling direction hands and legs were loose and have a cloth on eyes to block the light. I was trying to hold the ‘I’- thougth in the way which I thought it was the method if other thoughts come I do try to look myself as the witness not holding them but try to get above of those thoughts and asking whom they are coming I answer me and then again say ‘who am I’ (exactly – kaun hun mein) though I was asking it but it was not just verbally asking It was for focusing back to ‘I’- thought which I became sure today (05/05/25) because I read it in “Happiness and The Art of living by Michael James” but I will say I was clear about that nothing can happen just asking verbally but aslo know it can be a back focusing tool and have read that self-enquiry is mental in first stages.
I don’t know exactly after what time it was might 15 to 20 minutes, suddenly my heart beat was going up being fast, it was liking I am cutting from the outer world, I was like I can see I am not the body it was looking paralyzed and I was feeling going up and something from another world like is showing and it was liking I was going outside the body, something liking was covered my eyes and whole me. I was shaking when it was intense my teeths became clenched, the heart beat too became fast, and it was kinda intense fear and death but exactly death like somebody is killing me was not. However, I felt I will vanish or this is end this type of things happen and those thoughts come also if this is called Fear of death surely that was Fear of death experience.
During that I have still some thoughts coming but I was again focusing back to ‘I’- thought also using verbals to focus back. But it was liking I was not able to focus on that thought as much before I did however I tried it because I have read Ramana Maharishi said in “Be As You Are : the teachings of Raman Maharishi” by David Goodman whatever happens ask to whom this is happening and return to the ‘I’- thought. It always feeling that I should leave it now it is okay I am doing things rightly which have made me frustrated before now just leave it, this thought was coming again and again but I stood it was feeling warrior like. There was also a kind of happiness which I will say because of feeling I was on right pat.
Then slowly heart beats become normal but I am above body or not the body feeling was still there for much time and if could have tried intenionally to move I could but I didn’t do so. Still I was trying to do enquiry but very much thoughts were coming and focusing on the ‘I’- thought become harder but I tried it for some time then many thoughts come again and again and I moved my body I was still layed just streching body then thinking of so much things and decided I will not wake up until somebody say me or any body needs come up (hunger or toilet). Then later wake up for toilet. And then some easyness mostly I wil say happiness come and I firstly asked kuch khai le chho (is there something to eat) to Mother.
From then I have feeling of something different which is mostly I started liking solitude and something has happen really I can’t say but it is not like before exactly which the feelings have a wave like thing that it became sometime too intense and sometime feel very normal in later days which I will talk in later days. I am writing this in 05/06/2025 so I said that because that feeling was continued in that day without feeling very normal like before, simply saying it was calm feeling.
Same day I decided to drop reading psycological books, Osho books which mostly deal with intellectual things (I think they are for somebody whom to attract or tell about Spirituality later you need another books or teachings) and finding bonds which is exploring the things or desires why I want that, because of I was feeling it will now pull me down instead taking me further. And that decision was also strongly forced because two reasons one that I have heard from Acharya Prashant that those things which helped you to climb mountain a certain level later can become a burden for you in same Spiritual Journey context, another that I read Osho saying one time comes then Spiritual aspirant become distressed with questioning and answering about truth because it has worth only up to a certain level and go on meditation.
Written on 06-05-25
Day 4 – 06/05/25
As I get slept last night with stillness in mind, also woke up in that feeling. It continued for 3 hours after I bath, then from then it was again feeling normal like, it was like I am avoiding self-enquiry, being hard to do enquiry.
Then suddenly I went on enquiry in around 10:30, this time I felt it was the deepest or perfect like enquiry I have done it was just for arounf 16 minutes. But I can see this time that I was bringing back to ‘I’- thought and holding it for long continuously without getting messed in another thoughts too much.
After done enquiry it felt good I am on right path, but again sometime later it started feeling the same way frustrated then it became more when I indulged in some daily works not mine personal but family works. During that work I was still trying to do enquiry but it was outside home so it started feeling I am not doing intensely. Then I came back home and a more thing happen which is some people was quarelling outside my house I think it too indulged me on daily works. However, I didn’t go to see that but it stayed in my mind.
From then I was too frustrated becausethen I went on enquiry in 3:30 pm this time after some time I slept during enquriy. I knew that I was going to sleep but didn’t make any resistence to it.
After waking in around 5:15 pm I started writing this book for the first time and I written for 9 o’clock during that I tried enuiry always when I remember. Then I didn’t read anything simply ate and then come to bed. While I was eating it was still feeling little frustrated and I was not doing enuiry very well. But after that again it started feeling calm, stillness this was intense peace then I stayed awake in that feeling for sometime and then slept always trying to do enquiry when remember but mind was saying what is the real method what do exactly, should I not do enquiry when it feels calm. But I still continued because I have read and it was the base thinking of mine that anything happens say whom to happen then back to enquiry until liberation.
Written on 07-05-25
Day 5 – 07/05/25
Since yesterday night as I said earlier it has been feeling calm, stillness and some inner Guru feeling. That feeling continued today from since I woke up and I started reading from morning and with also trying to enquire also that feeling still continued. Whenever that feeling happen it feels that I am doing enquiry or holding  the ‘I’- thought continuously without much effort I don’t feel sure about that so I also do continue enuiry with somewhat intentionally and it don’t feel so much bad if then the enquiry misses out for sometime which I will say I just feel I simply back to enquiry.
Also, I read today in book “The Techinique of Maha Yoga” by … That there comes a point when an inner guru feeling comes who takes all your guidance and you can surrender to it. This made my feeling more clear about inner Guru, which I also researched from ChatGPT but when I get real person or disciple of Raman Maharishi book it became more clear.
Then I try do enquiry during reading the academic book which I ws feeling not to read I think it was mixed with sleep and I slept for 2 hours till 2 o’clock.
Method – one thing I will say that whenever I feel that I am doing somehting out of desire or any daily activity which can make my mind too divert from enquiry. So then I try to do enquiry more intensely or frequent. But it is not so that I don’t do enquiry sometimes whenever it is remebered I just do.
Then after waking that calmness feeling continued and I went on enquiry in 4:07 to 5:00 pm. I think because I have slept before this time I didn’t sleep. This time I think I did it well it is more focused and a kinda feel of that thoughts are running in background. I felt that I was easily able to seeing my thoughts and what is going on mind then I try to ask who is seeing the witness something like this.
When trying to hold ‘I’- thought it felt instead of smallness of the ‘I’ something big comes umm which was not exactly coming but I can feel something big and a very happy feeling along with it sometimes come.
Then my body wanted to move I think because of laying too much time for a place in same position it happened after around 30 to 40 minutes after going on enquiry also after moving I tried to continue enquiry. Then I feel a love towards that bigness or the Guru feeling which is still feeling good while I am writing.
And I think today I get a glimpse of what is Spiritual love they talk about. It is like surrending totally to that, feeling its bigness or reliability, being happy and calm, have a stillness and trust and everything is like going or is good, and feeling like devotion or love towards it which I have read is the Self and that is myself.
One thing I noticed it in one hand where my enquiry is going deep when I specially try to do it. But at the same time I am feeling when I am not doing it speciialy it feels that I am avoiding or feel too much normal like before.
Then at evening around from 7:00 pm it started feeling I am avoiding enquiry too much and mind is becoming frustrated. I think there is one reason behind my Scruplosity (an OCD disease) which sometimes gets strong, but will say it is not only the reason. And the frustration feeling continued up to I went to sleep and next day too which I will talk below in next day.
Written on 07-05-25 – 08-05-25
Day 6 – 08/05/25
From yesterday night it has been feeling very normal worldly like before. All the day I have been feeling I am avoiding enquiry and being too worldly which continued all the day not being undersatnd what to do, what I am doing. And all the day passed in this frustration.
Written on 09-05-25
Day 7 – 09/05/25
Today I have decided that I will do 15 minutes formal enquiry after every 2 hours. Like 8:00 am then 10:00 am then 12:00 pm so on. The frustration feeling continued and it was now feeling I am being too wordly in mind not thinking about those things but a normal choosey mind as before it was. And somewhere I think I am not able to do enquiry with daily activities and not doing too.
Then when I was in formal enquiry at 2 o’clock I noticed that there is a kinda peace or a sort of absence of thoughts and I am not focusing on the ‘I’- thought even I am not able to focus on that. But I am consistently aware of that absense of thoughts which sometimes if more deeper takes place of half-sleep like something. Then I remember this is might manolaya (temporary stillness of mind not manonasa which is permanent destruction of mind). Which is a obstacle in self-enquiry and is sadhakas often seek it as the realiasation peace but it is not. Ramana Maharishi had warned about manolaya which I have read, and also he said that this is a progression sign of one’s enquiry. But I am still is it really manolaya, how can I this happen in only few days. So I will research on this now.
But one thing I am noticing that now I am not able to focus on ‘I’- thought like before I think those avoidance feeling was also somewhere cause of manolaya, but still I can’t say anything now I am just feeling my enquiry method, or techinique is dropped somewhere. It feels weird when it feels I am not doing enquiry while I read books to gain knowledge about these things like taking books as Guru because no Guru is in front of me. The inner Guru was sought and that grace feeling was at high the day before yesterday but it is not feeling now.
One thing that I will say that Spiritual progress takes place in waves sometime very high and sometime very normal like feeling. And in that feeling there is too much frustration. Which I researched is called Spiritual frustration a feeling often felt by many sadhakas.
With that frustration and increasing normal feeling and not able to do enquiry like before the day ended and I went to sleep in same mood.
Day 8 – 10/05/25
After waking I did enquiry for 20 minutes which felt it was normal intense enquiry I don’t exact remember that. But also I coninued today doing the two hours intervals enquiry and I yesterday back to th enquiry which I beofore done which is like eyes goes like intense focus rather than normal tensed. I will talk about this later. So I today this enquiry but always having doubt which one is right. Then I also today first thought that a kinda hold I can do in some I thought which previously I do is right and I continued it from the morning but later after waking in evening it was feeling very hazy and some kinda tension and aslo not able to do any type of focus or hold ‘I’-thought.
There is very frustration and not getting what to do, how to do because I think the Grace which I had having from 2 May after the feeling of death experience faded almost. With this at evening 4:45 pm when I tried to do enquiry I felt I was not able to do it so I went on deciding things but it was more like crying (I didn’t literally cried) and just being in frustration. So then I decided to surrender myself and go on mouna with no time restriction. I said to the Self which I often call mukti my love now only three things happen if you show me path, or I will die, or may somebody or some very physical need arises until then I won’t get up.
I did it but felt nothing was happening always I was trying to make myself understand that I don’t want anything and doing real all thing surrender. But with that also the feeling of something wanting or something may happen like before persist.
Then sometime latter it felt nothing is going to happen by this because I somewhere know it was not complete surrender (which Ramana Maharishi talk about) or I also didn’t exactly tried or can do that. It was just a pace, just emotional energy which decided this. But it didn’t gone waste because it give me that I should recheck all the things and decided things some kinda this type of strong feeling come. But still not wake up form bed because ultimately the decision was a rule for me so then my mom woke up me half an hour latter.
After that I go on deciding things, first I saw that I became totally normal like before the wave of Grace is faded. Then I saw or try to logically arrange things and conclude that the fear of death exerience which had happen on 2 May was not just sudden feeling only and there was Self Grace in that. Which is for giving me a glimpse of truth. I saw that I was doing some kinda dhyana or enuiry from 23 March which is the turning point as discussed in chapter 2. Exactly what was going on I will discuss later. I was somewhere riping for the Self/Guru Grace as Ramana Maharishi said you cannot go furhter without Grace and you cannot have Grace without effort. So I was somewhere though minimal and gradual progrssing even I didn’t yet decided that I am doing the exact practice what said. I was preparing that I will set this and this time for enquiry etc. But totally I can see a thing that is from 23 March I was shifting more to practice than just reading and up to 27 April it was very clear decision that do anything but have dhyana or awareness in that.
So then suddenly the fear of death experience how it happen I really don’t know but I think because of the previous practice and I something touched different techinique which I don’t really believe exactly but it may be he reason and may be I have done surrender at alevel. Or it was the Self Grace to show a glimpse of the truth. Then the grace continued and faded in about a week. Which I concluded that total one month prcess was a wave of touching truth and then vasanas taking reasserting itself so then it became normal. So then again I have to go through process and gradually be good in that which will cause regular such cycles to destroy vasanas completely which I have read that Ramana Maharishi said that vasanas take over again and it become normal and by conitinous abiding in self regularly weakens vasanas that cause the permanent destroy of vasnas and ultimately self-realisation yeah something like this said. I will talk about this process and these things later. Today I decided I will look and go through the steps which I think helped at what time I have yet decided somehting like this.
Day – 11/05/25
Today as I have decided yesterday that I will repeat and go through the cycle of 20-30 days which I thought made the base which cause fear of death experience and Self Grace. So I thought see my current position and do the things which I felt the methods help before in that stage it is not so clear where I stood now but it felt that the Grace feeling and the stillness almost faded and I get again to back as I was before again in the noticing self moments and doing japa like things and sometimes the self-attention too so roughly it is like so.
       I decided I will do one hour formal self-enquiry in morning and in evening now then gradually increase it in next Thursday to Friday one more time in between. I did morning self-enquiry after awaking at 4 o’clock I started at 4:20 am and did it to 5:10 am. This time first I felt I was doing well and I noticed somehting which is I think now I get a diiference that holding the ‘I’-thought or awareness. So it is like I focus or hold attention or something like this on a feeling of “I am” or like taking my attention to awareness which is aware. And think not clear about that or might completely not but there is a major role of eyes moments which automatically takes place like noramally if we take attention to and might inside mind the eyes moments help to get attention to awareness it is might like the we are finding awareness with eyes moments which automatically takes place but I notice it [it helps in or is a natural behaiviour or aid taking attention to the awareness of being aware (yeah, I think this thing I might noticed I just named it while writing which I will think about later is it really it)]. So whole I day today I think noticing that thing holding the awareness on. Then it was feeling some sleepiness still trying to being aware but not so powerful and that taking attention to awareness effort gets weaken and may I was just trying to keep awareness not sleeping. And I not totally slept and have a awareness of waking in that if some outside things noise a bit which my mom woke up so it feels like broking the sleepiness and and more aware and then try to get attention to awareness again. Then might after some noise or may it is pattern which I felt not sure about that I am just mentioning in last I again become little more aware and might try to being aware of the awareness again then alarm rung and I went to sleep and slept until 7:30 usually 7:00.
       After waking sometime later because tablet was not charged I can’t read I went on enquiry (I am mentioning mostly important things not a daily blog) in that which I might again tried to do that holding awareness. And actually after the morning or doing the morning enquiry it felts I got some method or what to do which I done in that after waking enquiry for about 10 minutes.
       I continued that watching what I do practice before and also that watching between sometimes and being aware of my whole (which I think takes attention to ‘I’- thought or before doing the short enquiry it is good) with also sometime short enquries which is like or more clear today it is finding the awareness and holding it for short time ones it is mostly finding and findin here means trying to being aware of the awreness for some times, of course it is not direct when I close eye and you start focuing awareness it, it takes time to get in that awareness which I called the finding and for able to sometime hold that the again finding it is like this.
       I aslo seen that in around afternoon I was not very able to do watch myself which may be the cause of these days increase in thinking but it was more powerful in afternoon and while in laptop in 12 o’clock. I was also trying to do japa as third option (first continuos enquiry, then watching then japa priority with my current understanding). But in afternoon it was very thougty.
       Then in Evening enquiry from 3:50 to 4:39 then just laying and thinking to 5:49 pm. This time I was trying to do the same thing which I think I have noticed clearely being aware of awareness (remember I just named it while writing before I understand it is that I clearely somewhere differenticate focusing the ‘I’- thought might I just today clearely at a level saw it). Then I again felt sleepy with little awareness then sometimes later became aware automatically or may by other noises which I think first automatically and also then the noises caused.
       Then in last when I became more aware I tried to holding ‘I’-  thought but from staring this time I was feeling or these days I am being more indulge in thoughts when they came. Aslo I try to reapeat “who am I” and “I” or “I am” in hindi sometimes it is focus on that repaeating and turn to I thought for a bit and also sometime it is liitle aggressive repeating. But I was still indulging in thoughts then at last I thought or remember of the filtering method and it worked for getting away of thoughts which was in last or it is like in aggressive mood I did but I was feeling working but and thought I get this method which I had forgotten and I will contemplate on it (and I will do at night). Then it became too thoughty and body also paining due to position in same for a while and may I become too overwhelm about the method and also I was not exaclty doing it fully known of it but it flash like an idea. After that I wake and stayed with thoughts for sometime in bed.
       Then from then it feeling worldly a bit which was also morlty feeling from morning and may because of somewhere happy that I got some mehtods. But also there sometime later while writing this and above I felt a bit of the silence not just happiness I think it was a before like feeling for sometime which now while writing this feeling not or may be there but I am good like now. 
       I am writing from here on 12 May The feeling continued also later and it is very like before Grace feeling again some kinda stillness etc. things but I don’t exactly know that it is Grace or stillness feeling or just happiness because at evening it looked some method I got and also the very cool breeze blowing started in night and also before I used to feel some kinda drunk feeling without any reasons or may on occasions. But I will say this was not exactly that I will talk about this next day section below. And then when on bed it felt I was allowing my desires very like before in shadow of watching it and felt I was being very loose.
Day 12/05/25
       I get up in morning 4 o’clock and started enquiry in 4:20, I laid directly without doing sitting enquiry which I had done or tried yesterday morning that I will do sitting enquiry. But I think I am more better in laying because in sitting my body starts paining, and it takes energy or many reasons like this and I feel I should lay.
	I was very sleepy this time almost from beginning and I started first by reperting “Who am I” that “I” I think this is good in starting and directing  attention which I before was not doing so much. Then doing the holding ‘I’- thought or being aware of being aware and there was a thought confusion or doubt is it same or what should I do which I know somewhere they are same and also researched yesterday that Rupert Spira exactly use this Being aware of Being aware which I called being aware of awareness. Which I know that his teachings of Advaita also based on or he have learned not directly Raman Maharishi, Nisargdatta and Jiddu Krishanmurti which was specially mentioned on wikipedia. 
After that it was feeling too much sleepy and somewhere I continued awareness and have feeling that I was not try more than that focusing on ‘I’- thought instead just trying to not sleep. But it was may just guilt I may not be able to really focus too much because of sleepiness. Then waking on 5:10 I go bed but again it was feeling desires… then I slept.
	After waking I was again feeling the stillnes and happiness feeling still not sure about that it is grace or hollow happiness or drunk feeling but I noted those things which were happening in this and today, they are:
       1. Not intensely thinking form inside specially about knowing this experience. But indulge in outer activity even this time it is like I am very worldly with having the stillness but I also try to take out my leg form worldly too much.
       2. The method of self-enquiry being aware of being aware looks more clearely shown and sometimes today it is with very less effort but also for sometime (this is the moments holding practice for time to time a day but still I don’t focus to hold it too much time and also it may not happen for long). I think I look a glimpse of that and enjoy it may cause of being sure about progress but may not only that cause.
       3. Sometimes it looks I can feel the awareness instead looking at today. Or when I try to effort to watch the awareness might the stillnes counter it and it feels not to do it.
       4. I may noticed this that first going on awareness then your focus shifts to the goer or focuser and then it turns to witness. So it is like that now I look.
       5. Normally the watching myself practice feels it takes my attention to me which noticed recently but today sometime it was feeling that it takes my attention to further away from me than when I was not doing. I think that it may cause of that I normally more attented to myself and it is more deep or next level than the pratice which is mostly at body level. But I do them mixed.
       So these are somethings I noticed today and thought should note. I also sat alone for sometime but with thinking somethings but with simpleness and good feeling and also not trying to think very much.
       It was in 10:43 around that I was feeling started feeling some kinda crying or sad or the vulnerable and it was liking hug or sleep and but don’t know exaclty why then it felt I should satrt enquiry may be the Grace calling and then I started a bit somewhere and I was noticing that my breath again come go fast which is one thing I tell that it happens also before when stillness tight and I lay on bed so the breasth become little fast. Which I now connect with destroying of vasanas but don’t know exactly what it is. Then the breath fasted and I may have done little deep enquiry till 11:20 (not exaclty remember) and then felt slept and sleep for sometime and sometime later that faded. I aslo mention that I have read just before Raman Maharishi biography in “The Path of Sri Ramana” by Sadhu Om which I connect it effect to that somewhere not exaclty. Always in that I was feeling I may be the grace calling to do enuiry do like that it is chance and might a bit something forcing me to choose between decisions with least able to choose just mostly blowing like (I felt).
       Then I did started enquiry in 3:35 pm which felt I was very focusing and this was like not holding but continuosly finding or going deep. Which is like I am again and again focusing on the focuser the witness or then to awareness it is quite confusing or name things what I was really doing. It is like I can’t tell you how to cycle it is something different than words it is some mental moments. But also it felt deep and also words thoughts come and go but it was not disturbing me too much I think I was feeling more that thoughts are running somewhere in background and seprated myself form them. Like how in enviroment things are running like fan sound quite so the thoughts were being. And may it is like that thoughts don’t stop but you detach form that instead thoughts vanishing you don’t identify with them. Still I am not sure about that but I feel the thoughts ran in background with my enquiry being deep and also may some kinda thinking exist with the going deeper, what to focus on ,what to do mentally inside not intenionally. And aslo it was looking outer things not broking the deepness somewhere.
       Then in 3:45 call rung I had to wake up so those things happen in that 10 minutes and also later in 3:45 to 4:10 enquiry I think some things happen before and after enquiry and both were deep. Then it felt hunger and I wake up because it looked it impede me.
       I felt that I again noticed those methods today which I will list below and still looks the feeling of goodness not quite stillness that one now or may be inside persist.
Methods of Enquiry
	First, do repeat “who am I” and “I” like things and then it looks more focusing on me then it feels reapeating not needed. After I try to focus the awareness or “I”- thought or feeling that “I am”. If some thoughts looking blowing me I see myself as witness and then try to focus again. It slips then again focuses again shifts and again focuses and this being deeper somewhere. Also try to chase witness and it feels going deeper and deeper and very focusing or holding. Don’t know of what exaclty but it feels going deeper on enquiry and focusing more I don’t think the focus word is covering what exaclty but it is roughy that and what I can tell. I think just holding or focused correctly also feels going deeper and it is more …. Difficult to tell I will search more. But it do more feels holded and going deeper on “I”- thought or awareness. And may if I hold or more focus for long it fells more intense. The holding is might little diifrent in which I go deeper feeling than doing with very effort the focus or find of neing aware of aware. But may there are same thing. And it does not feels I slept but aware but also somewhere deep in me rather than world. And I became happy after that.
	I think doing that enquiry affects not only then but other time but it is my inference or believe just so don’t take it seriously.
       But from evening I satarted again discouraging feeling and not doing the breaks enquiry very rightly I think there is the cause of headache and somewhere I do fear that if I had missed the method. I will talk it in next day below.
Day 13/05/25
       In the morning it was totally feeling not to get up at 4o’clock but I did and started enquiry in 4:20 am. This time I first sat for sometime (7 minutes) then laid. I was from starting feeling sleeping mood and the headache was also not leeting me do enquiry in fact it is the biigest problem. But I did and it was mostly sleeping mood not sleeping but the sleep coming and like wanna rest. So might I have not focused this time too much and somewhere tried to fight the sleepy mood and headache. I don’t exactly remember did I focused or not but totally I was;t very good. Then this time I wake early in on 4:55 and I think in last I have focused a bit. Then came back to sleep.
       The headache causing not able to do enquiry all the day and also I was thinking too much do decided If this time I thought things too much I will do bound myself. Then I also went to shop of another house for almost 3 hour in which I think the headache rest little and also i felt more on me or subconsiouscly happy about that this is world and I am seprated like not like before, or like reaching higher level and seeing the lowers. But I think this is just my imaging.
       When I these days was feeling that I have came across the worldly feeling and giving all things and thoughts. And somewhere thiking that anybody can come on enquiry and do focus like that but I felt any normal people who hasn’t done one pointedness and is like warrior and have very will and courage and the highest desire for liberation at any cost can’t do the enquiry because many thoughts will come and can’t not very focus. I had believe of this already but these days may I forget this and thought anybody can’t to that but it become more clear. And also Ramana Maharishi says dive deep into heart with vairagya, and one pointedmind towards Self.
       Then again I went on enquiry in 3:50 I did felt first time for a while sleepy but then it became more aware. And I felt that now in sometime I go in different world or in different mode in mind and there I search things which is ‘I’- thought what to hold what to do and also it is like thinking but not think intentionally and it is like finding something in different mode and in that I moments also play. It is like I was finding ‘I’- thought or the witness and following the witness like again and again coming up the witness, trying to be aware of awareness. And like have moments but not just thinking moments. I think this was what called the search the source of ‘I’ not exaclty I will say.
       And then I find for sometime after the headache or the heavy head started feeling and that was impeding enquiry. So I think the enquiry in which I focus and concentrate with eyes and do those things smewhere cause the strain which I read a disciple also was telling asking to Raman Maharishi which I will not look at it again. And the strain also cause the whole day enquiry impeding somewhere not only formal. But I can still do it but it was strain not feeling to do much and like paining. So I left of first in 4:19 and then after watching time again for 4:33. First time was not so strain in first but in last and then second almost.
Day 14/05/25
       I did’t wake up earlier because yesterday I had decided that waking up earlier and doing equiry is more like sleepy and I didn’t do to well. And also find no cause for doing in early morning. However, I read in The technique of Maha yoga morning is good and Paramhansa ji says bhogi, rogi and yogi doesn’t sleep. But again I was not seeing its benefit instead enquiry was being more sleepy and also I didn’t hear it from Raman Maharishi and my samskaras also don’t look that I am a early waker. That can benrfit according to purva samskaras (conditioning) as Paramhansa ji mahraj said might.
	Then I wake up firstly in the morning it was feeling good but then sometome later it was started feeling bad. It was like what to do exactly, am I going to right way or just still, and these type of bad feeling and mood was. Then I went on enquiry in around 10:55. This time I tried to not strain with eyes and do completey without it. It felt cozy but awareness I don’t exactly remember how was that but it was like below I will tell also its after 11:15 to 11:35. Then it felt liitle ok but again it was very bad.
	Then I went on enquiry on 3:55 to 4:10 and this was deep in that way I will talk below. And I aslo felt after it very happy and relaxed mood just in 15 minutes. I don’t know was that feeling of enquiry or happiness about deep enquiry progress. Then I went to market and it was feeling I am more focused might cause of looking world more.
	Then I came back and started the left enquiry in 7:32 pm. Here I list this in detail because it is like method:
	First, I was repeating who am I and I like things which for sometime it was feeling the attention was coming to I but after sometime it looked and I stopped that reapeating it is just for starting. 
	Then I went into a cozy state where body and mind was cozy but have full awareness. There the thoughts wer very low and thinking on it looked very effortful. In that a attention to ‘I’ or awareness persisted which was feeling I am attending it but then thoughts bother but it was not like I was indulge it was more like in background and I was seeing (more like I don’t exaclty know but diifer) and more like that and thinking feel effortful.
	Then it started the thoughts were being low and low and the attentiong was being more and more with less effort. Then sometime breath bother a bit but it was good to focus on breath to don’t focus on thoughts. And the breath may come you to the attention. Simply it was a thing and most close thing in that but after somethime it aslo not so hard. Then focus was more intense and something outer noise feels make my attention more close to me and automatic less effort.
	I had that state and it was very effortless and very clse to awareness up to now which I had felt and it was very like going right way. And there was no personality of mine I think just that awareness feeling tries to more and more. It was not like sleep I am aware of outer world but I don’t focus on outer world it was a bridge with mine awareness and outer thing instead that outer thing making the awareness differntiated to normal (yeah something like that I don’t know exactly) but it was more focused to awareness when something was not outside.
	After sometime thoughts were coming and I think I was not wanting to do enquiry more because I was happy somewhere and might have a fear of that if I was not able to do it again or these type of things. And for that I might loose and induling little in thoughts and I think when my mouth was moved a bit it was more like I was back to normal but still little cozy feeling. Then I tried to do or just still for around 10 minutes and feeling the alarm should rang then I wake up just before 1 min of alarm rang. The whole thing had been in 40 minuted (8:10) but the deep enquiry was mostly in 30 min before being normal.
	But also in that normak a happiness and a liitle silence persist. Then I go outside and it was feeling good and more like silence good like before. Then while thinking outside I did a thing that saying smething and feeling I was just different to it and very good was that experience. Then I wrote and I think I got the right method and going in right way. But then may I say a terrorist pic in tab and it caused some bad feeling but also then I was more easy and not doing very mind strain.
       
       


35


